 Online assessment: Hackerrank - 2 programs were asked. ( one related to theatre seat arrangement and one string related ).

2. Technical L1 panel Questions:
1. Tell about urself
2. Framework structure
3. Selenium web driver architecture
4. Rest API Get and Post syntax with examples
5. How to handle nested frames in different windows
6. How to handle the dynamic web table in selenium
7. How to get an xpath for dynamic web element in a webpage.
8. Write the syntax for cucumber scenario
9. Windows handling code for 5 windows using selenium 4
10. Lambda expressions syntax
11. Difference between String and Stringbuffer
12. Difference between hashMap and hashtable
13. Different errorcodes in RestApi
14. TestNg annotations
15. Difference between Test Plan and test strategy
16. Java program to count the occurrence of vowels in a given string
17. How to share knowledge across team members if I'm playing a role of team lead
18. Bug lifecycle
19. Agile cermenois
20. Will you be able to work under pressure


3. Technical L2 Panel:
1. Tell about urself
2. How to perform integration testing with an example
3. Difference between inner join and outer join with some table examples.
4. Write query - To select the second highest salary in the employee table
5. Oops concept implementation in our framework with examples
6.When do we perform regression testing and what is the use.
7. What is the use of property file in framework
8.TestNg XML structure
9. Explain about web driver waits
10.Syntax for retry the failed tests in testNg
11. List some listeners and it's use
12. Collections concepts with syntax
13. Some mobile automation concepts and how it's different from normal web automation
14. What do you mean by recursion
15. Rest methods and it's difference.

4.Techno Managerical Questions
1. About urself
2. Roles and responsibilities of my current project
3. Types of framework which I have worked so far
4. If i given a different work which I don't have experience, what I will do?
5. Java program to reverse a sentence
6. How to perform STLC in my project
7. How to connect our automation to Oracle DB
10. difference between Rest and SOAP
11. Jenkins basics and how to integrate our project
12. About Jira and how we r using it
13. Bug lifecycle
14. Some scenarios regarding high priority and severity related questions
15. Will you be ok if we gave manual testing for some time.

5.Managerial Fitment team round:
1. Tell about urself
2. Roles and responsibilities
3. Will you comfortable to work in any languages like javascript or phython
4. Some basic questions in DB regarding all DML and DDL
5.Explain Oops concepts
6. Agile methodology and how we r performing in current project
7. Puzzle - 3 bulbs and 3 switches
8. If i found a bug in release day,how do I approach
9. If requirements are frequently changing , how do I approach
10.Able to work as individual contributor?
11. RCA , RTM related
